something's wrong with me
[Music]
welcome to storeflix in this video we
will explain slither this movie tells
the story of an alien organism that
threatens to devour all life on earth
will people survive the alien invasion
let's find out in slither
slither begins with the fall of a meteor
to the earth's surface the meteor landed
in a small town called wheelsy no one
knows about this event because the
meteor fell in the middle of the forest
at night then the meteor suddenly split
open
the next day the townspeople go about
their usual activities including a high
school teacher named starla who is seen
teaching a class starla is married to a
man named grant
one day starla fought with her husband
grant then went drinking to a bar to
avoid his wife while grant seems to be
drinking alone a woman named brenda
comes to seduce him grant and brenda
then went for a walk into the woods
brenda seems happy with grant but brant
thinks of his wife and feels guilty
because of their fight
while they were chatting grant's gays
drifted to a large slimy lump polyp in
the bushes grant curious followed the
salon trails from the lump until he
finally found something that resembled a
large larva the larva turned out to be
from inside the meteor that fell the
night before instead of being afraid
grant stepped closer he instead poked it
with a twig out of curiosity then all of
a sudden the larva moved in shooting
something like a needle in a grant's
chest and he fell to the ground
unconscious the foreign object directly
infects grant's body by taking over his
nerve center brenda panicked and tried
to wake grant not long after grant woke
up looking confused he then returned
home in a daze when he got home grant
began to lack strange his appetite
became uncontrollable he was always
hungry and strangely enough he only
wanted to eat meat he bought up all the
meat in the supermarket to fill the tub
of his car not only that he also dug the
ground in his bar as if he was making a
nest he cut all his strange behavior
from his wife
starla who had made up with her husband
then asked about the stab wound on
grant's chest he argued that the wound
was an insect bite starla noticed the
new lock grant had placed in the barn
and asked her husband grant replied that
in there he was preparing a surprise for
her birthday starla simply believed it
grant suddenly felt pain in his body he
rushed to the front yard a dog barked at
him his appetite suddenly increased at
the sight of the dog without thinking he
kidnapped the dog he began to feel the
changes in his body red patches appear
on his skin and what was even more
terrifying tiny tentacles writhing about
to get out of the stab wound on his
chest however the parasitic alien that
resides in grant's body has not
completely mastered his consciousness
grant still has feelings of love and
care for his wife he doesn't want to
hurt starla and prefers brenda to serve
as a host body a breeding ground for his
larvae grant meets brenda at her home
forcibly inserts the larval seeds into
her body then takes her to the nest
after that starla felt that something
was wrong with her husband because
grant's face was a little swollen when
he got home grant argued that he had
only been stung by a bee
while pencing in the car starlin notices
the many missing dog leaflets on the
town notice board which no one knows
that her husband kidnapped and killed
the dogs grant brings the dog's meat to
brenda whose body is breeding parasitic
alien larvae
elsewhere two police officers come to
starla's house to inquire about grant
and brenda's whereabouts one of the
police officers named bill said that
brenda had disappeared from her house
and according to several witnesses the
person who was seen with brenda before
she disappeared was grand but starla
doesn't know anything the police finally
left starlet entered the house and began
to think that all her suspicions about
her husband were true she then tried to
force open the warehouse that grant had
locked there was a pungent stench as
soon as starla opened the door the
warehouse turned out to be filled with
carcasses of dogs that had been reported
missing by their owners starla acted
quickly by reporting her discovery to
the police and telling them to return to
her home as soon as possible grant who
had just arrived home caught starla
calling the police by the window grant
who's controlled by the parasitic alien
then attacked starla with his tentacles
the police arrived just in time and shot
grant but he managed to escape starla
and the cops then hatch a plan to lure
grant out by baiting a cow in the woods
their plan worked grant appeared but in
a different and hideous figure the shape
of his body is already erratic a mix of
tentacle aliens and humans but that
didn't frighten starla she stepped
forward toward grant hoping that her
husband was still in there the cops told
starla to back off and surrounded grant
with guns raised trying to catch him
starla asked grant to obey the police's
orders but grant refused and didn't
budge from his spot a local man
approached grant from the opposite
direction grant looks angry he
immediately attacked him with his
tentacles and the man's body was split
in two starla screamed hysterically and
grant ran away into the woods everyone
then chased after grant and found a
wooden hut from which there was a very
strong smell once inside they found a
figure far more terrifying than grand
upon closer inspection it turns out that
the terrifying figure is brenda whose
entire body is swollen from being filled
with parasitic alien larvae brenda's
body then explodes and slug-like
parasitic alien larvae burst out her
body the larvae immediately attacked the
people there and entered through the
mouth starla and several people who
realized this immediately covered their
mouths so that the parasitic alien larby
could not enter their bodies it didn't
take long for the larvae to creep out of
the forest and invade the entire city
the parasitic alien larvae began to
enter people's homes and infect everyone
a girl named kylie was soaking in her
bathtub when a larva entered through the
window the larvae immediately crawled
and entered her mouth the girl suddenly
tried to expel the larvae that were
stuffed into her mouth her efforts were
not in vain she managed to remove the
parasitic alien larva from her mouth and
killed the creature with a hair
straightener kylie who panicked in fear
then came out of the bathroom screaming
for her mother but the mother has been
infected with larvae and attacked her
kylie is trying to find her father but
unlucky her father has been infected
only kylie survived she managed to get
out of the house and into the car but
the larvae kept chasing her she was
trapped in the car and couldn't go
anywhere meanwhile in the forest starla
and several survivors are helping their
comrades who are attacked by the
parasitic alien however one by one
victims woke up and started acting
strangely the victim's consciousness has
been controlled by grant whose body has
been taken over by a parasitic alien
mother the victims who have been
infected with parasitic aliens then
attack starla and the others not only
that they can also spit hot slime that
can be used as a deadly weapon
back to kylie who was still stuck in the
car after the parasitic alien larvae
disappeared the whole family surrounded
kylie and forced her to get out of the
car luckily a cop named bill came and
saved her bill immediately got kylie
into his car and rushed out avoiding the
townspeople who were attacking like
zombies kylie recounted her experience
in the car when the parasitic alien
larvae tried to get into her mouth she
had grant's vision in her mind before
this disaster happened the original form
of the parasitic alien was a needle then
took over a person as a host which in
this case was grand the host then
infects another person and uses their
body to breed parasitic alien larvae to
take over other life forms later
everyone shuddered in horror especially
starla because the cause of all the
terrible things that had happened was
her husband they'd also think that the
only way to end this terrible disaster
is to kill grant so focused on thinking
about a solution bill didn't pay much
attention and couldn't dodge when
another car hit them after fainting for
a while a herd of townspeople who have
been infected with a parasitic alien has
swarmed their car bill and kylie can't
do anything when the townspeople take
the unconscious star-low way under
grant's influence fortunately kylie and
bill managed to escape from the crowd
and hide in the bushes an idea popped
into bill's mind he intended to blow up
grant with a grenade
elsewhere starla wakes up in bed her
clothes had been changed to a white
nightgown looking around the room she
realized that the windows in her room
had been closed with wooden blocks to
prevent her from escaping starla then
heard grant calling out to her from
outside she then took a comb with a
sharp tip as a weapon to defend herself
starla went to grant who was in the
living room she finally sees grant's
true form after becoming the host of an
extraterrestrial parasitic alien grant's
form was terrifying his body was covered
in slimy tentacles and many people clung
to his body
grant grabbed starla with his tentacles
and brought her closer to him starla
crying in fear trying to tell grant not
hurt her unexpectedly the alien monster
did not completely control grant's
consciousness there are still remnants
of beautiful memories and feelings of
love for starla that's why grant never
tried to infect her because he didn't
want to hurt his wife but of course
grant is powerless against the invasion
of a parasitic alien monster that wants
to rule over all forms of life and
starlo wasn't that naive either she had
prepared weapons for a situation like
this she tries to coax grant until sweet
lies about love while secretly
retrieving her gun hidden under her
nightgown she then stabbed grant in the
face with a sharp end of a comb that
small attack of course couldn't kill
grant but at least she could be free
from grand script at the same time bill
came with kylie to starla's house bill
was about to throw his grenade but one
of grant's tentacles attacked him and
the grenade flew out and exploded in the
pool
in the ensuing attack grant already
knocks out kylie and throws bill out the
window outside the entire town was seen
flocking to grant's house which had
become the nest of their host
when grant was about to infect bill with
his tentacles bill tried to fight back
by avoiding it from entering his mouth
in a moment of urgency he found a
leaking gas cylinder he then stuffed
grant's tentacles into the gas cylinder
until the parasitic alien monster's body
was filled with flammable gas they'll
then tell starla to should grant even
though grant has become a cruel alien
monster starless still feels reluctant
to kill her husband but she had no other
choice starla shoots grand and his body
explodes to pieces grant's death also
kills the parasitic alien larvae that
colonized the entire town unfortunately
all those infected with the larvae did
not survive and died in the incident
bill starla and kylie walked out of
grant's house the three of them have
survived the parasitic alien attack that
has killed the entire population of
wielsey the city was ravaged with blood
and corpses were strewn on the streets
at the end of the story a cat is seen
sifting the remnants of grant's
surviving tentacles the cat is instantly
infected and the film ends
[Music]
you